Update Quickstart steps to start hacking parsec (#4423)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/development/quickstart.md

    poetry run parsec
    ```

Happy Hacking 🐍

### Run the python tests

Run the tests with `pytest`:

```shell
poetry run py.test tests
```

On top of that, multiple options are available:

| Option              | Description                                               |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| ``--runmountpoint`` | Include mountpoint tests                                  |
| ``--rungui``        | Include GUI tests                                         |
| ``--runslow``       | Include slow tests                                        |
| ``--postgresql``    | Use PostgreSQL in the backend instead of a mock in memory |
| ``-n 4``            | Run tests in parallel (here `4` jobs)                     |

Note you can mix&match the flags, e.g.

```shell
py.test tests --runmountpoint --postgresql --runslow -n auto
```

If you want to run GUI test, it is a good idea to install ``pytest-xvfb`` in order to
hide the Qt windows when running the GUI tests

```shell
apt install xvfb
pip install pytest-xvfb
```

### Run Parsec in local

You can use the ``run_testenv`` scripts to easily create a development environment:

> On linux:

Reviewer: Linux and MacOS 🍎

Author: done

```shell
. ./tests/scripts/run_testenv.sh
```

On Windows:

```cmd
.\tests\scripts\run_testenv.bat
```

This script will:

- Start a development backend server with in-memory storage
- Configure environment variables to isolate the development environment from
  your global Parsec configuration
- Create a default organization
- Create multiple users and devices for this organization

> ## Hacking the Web client (front)

Author: Add the testbed server step

       # Compile Python
       pyenv install 3.9.10
       ```

    5. [`poetry >=1.2.0`](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

       Install Poetry (Does not require a specific version of Python)

       ```shell
       curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSL https://install.python-poetry.org/ | python - --version=1.2.0
       ```

       To verify the installation of `poetry` run

       ```shell
       poetry --version
       ```

       You then need to indicate which `python` interpreter to use for `poetry`:

       If you have installed `python` using `pyenv` from above:

       ```shell
       # Create the project virtual with the correct version of Python
       poetry env use $(pyenv prefix 3.9.10)/bin/python
       ```

       > If you don't have installed `python` with `pyenv`, you need to replace `$(pyenv prefix 3.9.10)/bin/python` with the path where the python you want to use is located.

## Hacking the python code (front + back)

Once you have installed the [basic requirements](#shared-requirements), you can procede to setup to python virtual env with `poetry`.

1. Install [`Qt5`](https://www.qt.io/).

>    The `python` application use `PyQt5`, you need to have `qt5` installed for it to work (it won't even build).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The `python` application uses `PyQt5`, you need to have `qt5` installed for it to work (it won't even build).
```

> 2. Install fuse

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install FUSE (Linux/MacOS) or WinFsp (Windows)
```

   Depending on your platform:

     - On Windows: you need to install [`winfsp`](https://github.com/winfsp/winfsp) a the version `1.11.22176`

       You can use `choco` for that

       ```cmd
       choco install -y --limit-output winfsp --version=1.11.22176
       ```

       Or you can use the installer <https://winfsp.dev/rel/>

       > We haven't tried this method so if you can provide feedback if you use it.

     - On MacOS: you need to install `macfuse`

       ```shell
       brew install --cask macfuse
       ```

     - On Linux: you need to have installed `libfuse2`

3. Initialize a poetry env

   ```shell
   poetry install --extra 'core backend'
   ```

4. Start a shell with the initialized virtual env

    ```shell
    poetry shell
    ```

5. To run parsec do

    ```shell
    poetry run parsec
    ```

Happy Hacking 🐍

### Run the python tests

Run the tests with `pytest`:

```shell
poetry run py.test tests
```

> On top of that, multiple options are available:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, the following options are available:
```

| Option              | Description                                               |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| ``--runmountpoint`` | Include mountpoint tests                                  |
| ``--rungui``        | Include GUI tests                                         |
| ``--runslow``       | Include slow tests                                        |
| ``--postgresql``    | Use PostgreSQL in the backend instead of a mock in memory |
| ``-n 4``            | Run tests in parallel (here `4` jobs)                     |

Note you can mix&match the flags, e.g.

```shell
py.test tests --runmountpoint --postgresql --runslow -n auto
```

If you want to run GUI test, it is a good idea to install ``pytest-xvfb`` in order to
hide the Qt windows when running the GUI tests

```shell
apt install xvfb
pip install pytest-xvfb
```

> ### Run Parsec in local

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Run Parsec in localhost
```

Author: Should 

```suggestion
### Run Parsec locally
```

Be better ?

You can use the ``run_testenv`` scripts to easily create a development environment:

> On linux and MacOS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Linux and MacOS:
```

```shell
. ./tests/scripts/run_testenv.sh
```

On Windows:

```cmd
.\tests\scripts\run_testenv.bat
```

This script will:

- Start a development backend server with in-memory storage
- Configure environment variables to isolate the development environment from
  your global Parsec configuration
- Create a default organization
- Create multiple users and devices for this organization

## Hacking the Web client (front)

In addition to the [shared requirements](#shared-requirements), you need to install [`Node 18.12.0`](https://nodejs.org/en/download/releases).

> You could use [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage multiple node version
> or [`nvm-windows`](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows) for `Windows`.

1. Install [`Qt5`](https://www.qt.io/).

>    The `python` application use `PyQt5`, you need to have `qt5` installed because even if you don't need that part.
>    The build system will still require it (and).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The `python` application uses `PyQt5`, you need to have `qt5` installed because
   the build system will require it even if you don't modify Python code.
```

Author: Why specifying `even if you don't modify Python code` ?

Reviewer 2: Because that's what I understood when I first read it ^^
Did I changed the original meaning?

Author: For me the part with `even ...` is superfluous

   > You can hack around that problem if your system can't have qt5 installed.
   > You'll need to remove `PyQt5` from the build-system requirement in `pyproject.toml`
   > see [PR-4403](https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/pull/4403)

2. Initialize a poetry env

   ```shell
   POETRY_LIBPARSEC_BUILD_PROFILE=ci poetry install --extra 'backend'
   ```

3. Setup the web binding

   ```shell
   pushd oxidation/bindings/web
   npm install
   npm build:dev
   popd
   ```

   > You can use `python make.py web-dev-install` instead.

4. Setup the electron binding

   ```shell
   pushd oxidation/bindings/electron
   npm install
   npm run build:dev
   popd
   ```

   > You can use `python make.py electron-dev-install` instead.

5. Move to the client dir, For the later command we will consider that the current directory is `oxidation/client`

   ```shell
   cd oxidation/client
   ```

6. Install client dependencies

   ```shell
   npm install
   ```

### Start working on the web client

> To start working & modifying the web client you need to setup your env before that.
> The web client will use a mock server that will provide some mocked data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before start working on the web client you need to setup a mock server
that will provide some mocked data.
```

1. Make sure you have the latest change for the python testbed server

   ```shell
   POETRY_LIBPARSEC_BUILD_PROFILE=ci poetry install --extra 'backend'
   ```

2. Start the testbed server that will provide the mocked data.

   On another terminal

   ```shell
   $ python tests/scripts/run_testbed_server.py
   [..]
   2023-04-18T12:16:38.649668Z [info     ] Running on http://127.0.0.1:6770 (CTRL + C to quit)
   All set ! Don't forget to export `TESTBED_SERVER_URL` environ variable:
   export TESTBED_SERVER_URL='parsec://127.0.0.1:6770?no_ssl=true'
   ```

   > Note the last 2 line `All set ...` and `export ...`
   > You need to have the env variable `TESTBED_SERVER_URL` set to the value after `export TESTBED_SERVER_URL=` (depending on how you set it, you could remove the `'` around the value) on you primary terminal (the one that would run the dev server)

   You need to keep that terminal open with the script running otherwise, the mock server would stop working.

3. On your main terminal after setting the env var `TESTBED_SERVER_URL`, you can now start the dev server

   ```shell
   npm run web:open
   ```

> ## Hacking the rust code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Hacking the Rust code
```

With `git` & `rust` installed alongside your favorite editor configured with `editorconfig` you're done.

> You start by building the rust code + its dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You start by building the Rust code + its dependencies
```
